Add some information to the autoinstallation description (#1090)
yast/yast-network: doc/autoinstallation.md

# Networking Configuration During Autoinstallation

## About This Document

Since SUSE Linux Enterprise 12, the manual installation is performed in a single stage. However, the
autoinstallation process is still divided in two different stages (see
https://documentation.suse.com/sles/15-SP1/single-html/SLES-autoyast/#overviewandconcept for further
details).

Thus, **before SLE-15-SP3**, the proper configuration of the network according to the given profile
was done during the *configuration stage*, more commonly known as the *second stage* of the
autoinstallation.

**Since SLE-15-SP3**, the AutoYaST network configuration takes place during the *first stage*, removing
the networking section from the profile so it is not processed during the second stage anymore. 

> **Note**: An option to explicitly force the configuration of the network during the `second stage`
> is expected to be added, but it is still pending.

## Network Configuration Overview

There are two different aspects of the network configuration that we should bear in mind when trying

> to understand how AutoYaST sets up the network. The first is *which configuration* is going the use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to understand how AutoYaST sets up the network. The first is *which configuration* is going to be used
```
